Feat: Response Transformer plugins (#984)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/response-transformer-advanced/index.md

search_aliases:
  - response-transformer-advanced

related_resources:
  - text: Response Transformer plugin
    url: /plugins/response-transformer/
---

{% include plugins/request-response-transformer/response-transformer-description.md %}

> The Response Transformer Advanced plugin provides features not available in the [Response Transformer plugin](/plugins/response-transformer/), including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Response Transformer Advanced plugin provides features that aren't available in the [Response Transformer plugin](/plugins/response-transformer/), including:
```

* When transforming a JSON payload, transformations are applied to nested JSON objects and

>   arrays. This can be turned off and on using the [`config.dots_in_keys`](./reference/#schema--config-dots-in-keys) configuration parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  arrays. This can be turned enabled and disabled using the [`config.dots_in_keys`](./reference/#schema--config-dots-in-keys) configuration parameter.
```

>   See [Arrays and nested objects](#arrays-and-nested-objects).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  See [Arrays and nested objects](#arrays-and-nested-objects) for more information.
```
